Add description: only support SCSI for hotplug volume (#279)
harvester/docs: docs/vm/hotplug-volume.md

Harvester supports adding hot-plug volumes to a running VM.

:::info

> Currently, only support disk bus `scsi` for hot-plug volumes, refer to this [description](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt/issues/5080#issuecomment-785183128)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, KubeVirt only supports disk bus `scsi` for hot-plug volumes. For more information, see this [issue](https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt/issues/5080#issuecomment-785183128).
```
